python-jss
==========

Introduction:
-------------

This project aims to offer simple, elegant, pythonic access to the Jamf
Casper JSS API.

Jamf provides access to the JSS and most of its object types through a
REST API. python-jss allows you interact with the API to create new
objects, list or edit the existing ones, and to upload files to
configured distribution points.

The level of coverage for convenience methods and properties is
primarily centered on Computer management, and specifically, those
aspects which factor into policy and package management.

Automating policy creation is streamlined; however, class
``MobileDeviceInvitations`` provides nothing beyond basic ``JSSObject``
methods and properties to the API. Those aspects which I use heavily in
our organization, and in support of
`JSSImporter <https://www.github.com/sheagcraig/JSSImporter>`__, tend to
be more fleshed out, whereas aspects of the JSS API that I never use
tend to be minimalistic. However, based on the code here, it should be
easy for anyone wishing to do so to implement a ``new()`` method for
those objects they're interested in, and I would be happy to include
them. Send me your pull requests!

Installing:
-----------

The easiest method is to use pip to grab python-jss:
``$ pip install python-jss``

However, if you use JSSImporter, its package installer uses
easy\_install since that is included on pre-10.10.5 OS X. You may want
to use easy\_install instead: ``$ easy_install -U python-jss``.

If you don't have pip, you should probably get it:
https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/installing.html

Alternately, download the source and copy the python-jss package
wherever you normally install your packages.

Behind the scenes, python-jss requires the requests, pyasn1, and
ndg-httpsclient packages. If you install using easy-install or pip,
these dependencies are handled for you. Otherwise, you'll have to
acquire them yourself:
``easy_install -U pyasn1 ndg-httpsclient requests``

Linux:
------

python-jss on Linux has some extra dependencies if you need to be able
to mount distribution points. - AFP distribution points require the
``fuse-afp`` package. - SMB distribution points require the
``cifs-utils`` package.

As I'm currently developing on Fedora, these requirements are specific
to RedHat-based distros. Feel free to test and comment on Debian so I
can update!

Usage:
------

Please see `the wiki <https://github.com/sheagcraig/python-jss/wiki>`__
for complete documentation.

Also, `my blog <http://sheagcraig.github.io>`__ has a series of posts
about using `python-jss <https://github.com/sheagcraig/python-jss>`__,
`JSSImporter <https://github.com/sheagcraig/JSSImporter>`__, and
`jss\_helper <https://github.com/sheagcraig/jss_helper>`__, and solving
unique problems using these tools.


